How do you make any salad into a Caesar salad? Stab it twenty three times.

What leaves a bigger memory than a passionate kiss? A stab wound.

Friends are like penguins. If you stab a penguin, they die.

Three explorers captured by a tribe are told “Invaders must be killed and canoes made from their skin, but you may choose how you die". The first asked for a gun, says “Viva la France” and shoots himself. The second requests poison and says “For the queen” and drinks. The last asked for a fork, and started stabbing himself screaming “Try to make a canoe out of this, fuckers!”

Brian was shopping at a mall. He hopped onto an escalator. Next to him were two people having an argument. Eventually, one of them pulled out a pocket knife threatening to stab the other. Brian murmured “well that escalated quickly…”

Try Fencing.  Make new friends and stab them.

Its been knife meeting you. Shanks for your time.

What Is the Difference Between Stabbing a Man and Killing a Hog? One is assaulting with intent to kill; the other is killing with intent to salt.

New York’s such a wonderful city. Although, I was at the library today. The guy was very rude. I said, ‘I’d like a card.’ He said, ‘You have to prove you’re a citizen of New York.’ So I stabbed him.

I don't care if I go through life and don't help a lot of people or save a million lives. I just don't want to get stabbed. If I can get through life without getting stabbed, I win.

I told him a joke while stabbing him.  He said "Stop It! Your killing me."

Acupuncture -- Proof that stabbing someone can make things better.

What to do if a bear attacks you and all you have is a knife. 1) Remain calm, stand still. 2) Stabb repetatively until you die.

I'm a vegan unicorn. No chees upon my bread. And if you crack a bacon joke I'll stab you with my head.

I was a chubby kid. My parents sent me to fat camp. I was nervous, but my big brother said, "As soon as you get there, stab the fattest kid you see. No-one will mess with you." I get off the bus at fat camp and some kid runs straight up and stabs me.

There was a very old woman who'd had enough of life. One day she asked her doctor how to commit suicide in a quick manner. He told her to stab herself with a sharp knife two inches below and to the right of her left breast. A few days later he was called to the hospital on an emergency. He found the same ancient woman in the emergency room with a horrible stab wound in her knee.

It is illegal to stab yourself to gain someone`s pity. (Dumb Laws - Alabama)

Yo daddy so stupid he got stabbed in a shoot out.

Yo girlfriend so ugly she went to get her nose pierced & got stabbed in the ass! 

I drew a picture of a knife on my friends arm. I said it was pretty knife. She couldn’t get a handle on the puns I was making. She said I was cutting straight to the point.
